It happens here, the brain, it happens here,
in the digestive tract, but there we will add the rotation, like this,
for my limbs, ok, same
thing for my lower limbs, it happens at the same time, here,
it happens at the same time there, it happens at the same time there.
Tendonitis can be the expression of a rotation deficit.
of your peritoneum, you see.
For example, someone who has an arm problem here,
I don't know, they have a problem
with their tendons, or etc.
And we say, it's tendonitis in the wrist.
Someone tells me, "That's strange,
I've never played tennis,
I went to the doctor, he told me I had tennis elbow."
I've never done that.
However,
very often, you have to look at what's happening
on the pulmonary visceral side.
And in fact, you have to think
in the organization phase.
of the system and so you're just going to understand, look what's happening here
and there
and when you start to understand where it's located here, you start to treat the visceral, so
restore the visceral spiral to free the limbs and vice versa to free
sometimes
peripheral problems, this is what we do in Chinese medicine, we prick very specific places
in your periphery, the imprint is always present
Peritoneum can regress in time if necessary to reuse
a function that was present at a given moment.
All of our major life injuries happen before age 5.
Abandonment, rejection, injustice, blah blah blah, some things even happen in the embryonic phase.
But what I mean is, what happens here can be expressed in the reflections that happen here.
I need this coelom here and my neural tube.
There's an angle here.
This is where there will be an aspiration field, it's a slightly more specific level.
I have here a metabolic field that is here with
a restriction field and there a hypergrowth field.
It will immediately make a movement, a small palette here, as if it doesn't grow,
it does that.
It's through this angle here, and in fact it's linked to the angle with my coelom and my
neural tube behind.
that I have an angulation with my neural tube and my coelom,
that there I have a restriction field.
From the cardinal valve, I have a valve that will push.
I will have a larger food field and a brake.
And here I have an acceleration and there I have less.
And through this, it will grow, and here it grows less quickly.
And the fact that I have this differential growth rate given by the vascular system will actually lead to a field of... activation. That means we say, this sentence here, very active metabolism will cause a powerful flow in the mesenchymal tissue, which will lead to a growth of the canalization system and which will improve the mesenchymal metabolism. This induction will cause a subsequent growth of the ectodermal tissue. So it's first my mesodermal plane that will induce. It's linked to this vascular field. The hand doesn't appear last, it appears first. So first, and then it's the system that lengthens, we're going to take this hand as the point of descent, I reverse my reference point, the first large articulation was the flexion of my embryo, ok, this flexion of my embryo is the growth speed in relation to my aorta and so what do I do, I flex, but if you look, all the articulations follow the same protocol, why does it go inwards? Because I have my artery from my cardinal vein which will give a branch in a trophic flow here which will be the outline of my brachiocephalic system. I'm going to do this and I'm going to come towards here. Here, it grows faster. So, I do this forwards. If I flex like this, I'm going to flex here because here, I have a vessel, there, I don't.
Since I don't have any, it will densify, it will make the skulls.
But it's not because I have the skulls that I didn't go that way.
It's because...
I had no vessel. The pattern is I curl around
my vascular system.
So it's a movement first of external rotation
followed by a counter-rotation movement
by my vascular field of internal counter-rotation. One,
two. And the opposite for my limbs.
It's my somite, little by little, here, with the vascular field, that will lift the epiblast.
There's no diagram showing it here, but that's what will give,
because don't forget that I will have the myotome, etc.
It's the mesoblast that will give the induction.
So this is really meso that will push.
So my limbs are an expansion of the cardio-pleuro-peritoneal sac.
All tendons, all vessels, will come from the mesoblast of the lateral plate.
The treatment of a limb lesion involves their rebalancing
with the pleuro-pericardo-peritoneal.
To treat a limb is to reintegrate it into the abdominothoracic cavity.
You will clear the entire peritoneal system by freeing the limbs.
The mesenteric axis, you place yourself on the system and you free the entire peritoneum in its rotation phase.
of rotation.
On the axis.
There, you have more emergence here for the upper limb, more
emergence here for the lower limbs.
I take the hand because it's the emergence.
It's as if I pull on the zipper and I place myself on the posterior axis here.
It makes a movement like this first and then it does this at the end.
I place myself on the vascular axis from the heel to the endothelium.
The endothelium.
is the peritoneum of the vessels.
Here, we see that he explains the median axis, all the metamerization.
You see this external rotation of my limbs.
And then at some point, the shoulder does this movement well, then it does that.
Same thing for the limbs.
Initially, it's placed like this.
And then by this beating movement, you will find another arrangement of
your segmentation.
If I put it back in motion, I'll just end up with a very simple mapping.
Which seemed...
Here, I mean in S1 or S2, will find itself with these other lines
which will be defined
in relation to these lines, all the metameric neuronal arrangement that will be redistributed
by these diagrams.
Don't forget that each metamere, one, organized by my vessel, two,
this neural crest
that comes around, that gives this organization, each vertebra corresponds finally
more or less
to an organ or something like that.
that. But I prefer Jarrico's idea, several vertebral dermalgias, one organ dermalgia.
So you have the angle of hearing. Just below, you see, you have a dermalgia at the level
of D8 which corresponds to the liver. Just below, you have another, a little lower here,
which will
correspond to the pyloric center. Then there, you have the gallbladder and there you
have the pancreas.
For me, it's this line that interested me a lot with the kidneys that are taken here. When I take,
I know where I am.
1 I have the rib, at the same time the parietal pleura
with the counter-rotation at the level of my visceral pleura.
At the level of my extremities, there is an induction of the coelom.
The induction of the coelom is the orientation by the vascular field.
We can clearly see the small palette of the hand, the growth here, getting bigger and bigger.
We can clearly see that it ends up towards the heart.
with the centrifugal centripetal information given by
the cardiac rhythm, inverse movement at
the level of the lower limbs, it's an internal rotation
with a counter-rotation like the other
like here it makes a movement like that, don't forget that movement
and it's the opposite
at the level of my limbs, a movement and finally it will end up like this
But it starts with the opening here.
And it follows my vascular field.
In the growth here of the embryo, it is the bone that is active and it
is the muscle that is passive.
It is a play between the stretching of the dilation field and
the growth of the bone.
That's why if we go to its fulcrum, we will look for the bone in the fluid,
since initially it's fluid.
When you see an iliac, it's made.
Of three parts, the ilium, the ischium and the pubis.
The shape of the bone, at some point, will be linked to this field of
dilation.
The bone is the engine and then, you see at the beginning, when you see the little baby bones,
the bone, the engine is there and then it changes.
It's the muscle that takes over its activity.
And that's where the form begins to define itself in its precision.
I'm going to pull on a...
This is the great spiral of development of my limbs, my upper and lower limbs,
and the organization of my peritoneum.
This is the counter-rotation.
The embryonic movement is a movement like this.
It's the opposite. This is the counter-rotation.
The base of the skull derives from the paraxial mesenchyme.
The face, the jaws, the teeth derive from the neural crest.
neural. The vertebral column and ribs derive from paraxial mesenchyme.
The skeleton
of the limbs derives from the somatopleure, which will form the limb buds. What
we retain is that treating the face, teeth, implies rebalancing them
with their original rhombomere. The base of the skull, the column, is
treated in an
homologous, similar way, while all limb lesions imply that they
be treated with the pleuro-pericardo-peritoneum. To treat a limb is to
reintegrate them into
their peritoneal cavity. This is a key in relation to the
embryonic fulcrum.